# The Blockchain Application we Ought to know Instead.

~~I'll bet, the first thing you would be wondering is what application is this dude talking about again, we know it, it what birth Bitcoin, Ethereum and it other cousins plus siblings (siblings here are Tokens). Yes, that application was the use of Blockchain technology, in some other technical word, Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) to power CryptoCurrency. Cryptocurrency, that thing that was supposed to allow us evade central authorities, right??? but right now seems like another techno-hype-scam. That there is the power of first impression - "First Impression last Long", majority of the things that do not exist now suffered that fate, so did the underlying technology that powered cryptocurrency, the Blockchain - A Distributed ledger system.~~

Alright, I can already hear you thinking, "What's this person blabbering about now?.We're all acquainted with it—the revolutionary force that gave rise to Bitcoin, Ethereum and it other cousins plus siblings (siblings here are Tokens). Yes, the utilization of blockchain technology, or, if we're inclined to be more technical, Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), which underpins the power of cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency, that thing that was supposed to allow us evade central authorities and now  it feels more like another overhyped tech scam. You know how they say, "You never get a second chance to make a first impression" or "First Impression last Long", majority of the ideas that no longer exist suffered that fate, so did the underlying technology that powered cryptocurrency, the Blockchain - A Distributed ledger system.